Studio 10 write up

Your TA's name:



Students in your studio group:

    Name        Student ID (begins with a 4)
	
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.



Part A

A1. Why do sad and happy appear as they do? Why is happy indented? What are the parent, left-child, and right-child relationships between happy and sad?
happy is bigger than sad, happy is the right child of sad.

Modify the code in the main method so that some string appears above sad, indented as much as happy.
add "lonely.add("sd");" after "lonely.add("sad");"

A2. What string did you use?
"sd"
In the numbers that follow, find the first and last entries in the tree that is shown (on its side, as discussed in lecture).

A3. Is the first number always the first line to be shown in such a display?
no

A4. Is the last number always the last line to be shown?
yes

A5. Why do we need addHelper?
to decide where to settle the new node

A6. Why is it private instead of public?
because it cannot be called by other classes within the package

A7. Does the code actually remove the node containing the value to be removed? If not, what is actually happening?
no, it returns the object that should be returned

A8. Why does the code fail to execute properly?
it cannot be cast to java.lang.Comparable


A9. Why does eclipse not report a problem when you try to create a BST of type Color?
color can be converted to string

Part B


SortedSetUsingBST (random input)

B1. What behavior do you see in the output? You will likely have to rely on ticks rather than time, because the times are so fast.
it is like nlogn
B2. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?


SortedSetUsingBST (sorted input)

B3. What behavior do you see in the output given the sorted input?
it is like n^2
B4. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?

SortedSetUsingUnorderedList

B5. What behavior do you see in the output when a sorted set is implemented by an unordered list? Adding to the list should be quick, so why are we seeing these times?
it is like theta(1)
B6. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?









